docs: Make Examples and SDK Pages easier to understand (#7291)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/sdk-examples/java.mdx

### Java SDK

Java Spring Security is a widely used and common framework to integrate Authentication and Authorization into your Applications.
As of this at the moment there is no specific ZITADEL SDK, but we do show you how to integrate ZITADEL with Java Spring Security.
You can use this for both your Web as for your API Applications.

The following features are covered by Java Spring Security:
- Authenticate your user using OIDC
- Requesting ZITADEL userinfo endpoint to get user data
- Refresh Token
- Requesting User Roles from userinfo
- Check if user has specified role
- Logout

The goal is to have a ZITADEL Java SDK in the future which will cover the following:
- Wrapper around Java Spring Security
- Authentication with OIDC
- Authorization and checking Rolls
- Integrate ZITADEL APIs to read and manage resources
- Integrate ZITADEL Session API to create your own login UI

### Java Examples

#### Web Application Example

What does the Web Application Example include:
- Home Page with Login Button
- Authenticating user with OIDC PKCE Flow
- Public Page: Accessible without authentication
- Private Page: Shows user information of authenticated user, only accessible after login

> - Administrator Page: Only accessible after login and with specific administrator role for the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Task Page: Only accessible after login and uses the API example. Requires the admin role for the application for some interaction.
```

### Step-By-Step Guide

For Java Spring we do have two different Step-By-Step Guides.
One to create your web application with integrated login and one to create your API with permission checks for calling users.
The guides lead you through the whole process from configuring the right application in ZITADEL to a ready application with integrated login or authentication checks.

#### Web Application Guide

After completing the Step-By-Step Guide you will have:
1. Example Web Application with integrated ZITADEL Login
2. Example page accessible by authenticated user showing retrieved user information
3. Example page accessible by authenticated user showing task list
   - Task list can be read by authenticated user
   - New tasks can be created by user with admin role
4. Logout
5. Correct setup for your application in ZITADEL

[API APP Step-By-Step Guide](/docs/examples/login/java-spring)
![Profile Page](/img/java-spring/app-profile.png)

#### API Application Guide

After completing the Step-By-Step Guide you will have:
1. Example REST API checking tokens against ZITADEL with OAuth2
2. Public Endpoint accessible by any user

> 3. Public Endpoint accessible by authenticated user
> 4. Public Endpoint accessible by user with role 'admin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Private Endpoint accessible by authenticated user
4. Private Endpoint accessible by user with role 'admin'
```
